README.md, before:

CinnamonGestures
================

CinnamonGestures implements touchpad gestures on Cinnamon Desktop Environment.

Caution & License
-----------------

The version distributed here is a beta version. It still suffers of bugs and glitches and lacks a few features that will be soon added. It is not intended to be used as a final product.
Use at your own risks.
This software is distributed under GNU GPL v3 license. You may find the full text of this license in LICENSE file. 

Installation
------------

CinnamonGestures is made of two distinct parts : a daemon (*gestured*) and a Cinnamon extension.
gestured can be installed as a [debian package](https://github.com/aodenis/CinnamonGestures/releases) or be built. Its purpose is to send libinput's events into DBus system bus, allowing the extension to receive it. It is automatically started by the extension and stops by itself.
The extension is a directory (*gestures@aodenis*) that must be copied in the directory ~/.local/share/cinnamon/extensions/ on your machine. Once done, you have to activate the extension in Cinnamon (Settings > Extensions).

Building gestured
-----------------

Proper instructions will be published in a few days. Along with gestured binary, a few configuration files must be installed on your system. You may find them and their location in *tree* directory.

Simple build instructions
```
git clone https://github.com/aodenis/CinnamonGestures
cd CinnamonGestures
apt install libudev-dev libdbus-1-dev libinput-dev libstdc++-7-dev
make
```

Installation instructions, __USE AT YOUR OWN RISKS__
```
sudo make install
cp -r gestures@aodenis ~/.local/share/cinnamon/extensions/
```

How to use
---

Slide three fingers up on your trackpad to display all windows, slide back down to go back to your desktop.
Slide four fingers up on your trackpad to display all workspaces, slide back down to go back to your desktop.
In both modes, click a window to activate it.
In window view, click a window with three fingers to close it.
In workspace view, click a workspace with three fingers to close it.
Slide four fingers right and left to switch between workspaces. Slide far enough on the right of a non-empty workspace to create a new one.
Slide three fingers down to minimize current window.

Unfinished feature
------------------

You may find settings in Cinnamon's extensions menu and enable there switching between windows by sliding three fingers left and right, an unfinished feature.

Known Bug
---------

This extension sometimes hangs and use 100% CPU. In this cases, restarting Cinnamon is a good way out.

Roadmap
-------

A proper documentation for this extension will come in the next few days. Then :
+ A button to create new workspaces in workspace overview
+ Dragging windows to other workspaces
+ Four fingers down to see the desktop
+ Finished three finger window switching
+ Support for multiple display
+ Many glitches and bugs to fix

Contributing
------------

If you want to help this project, you can :
+ Star/Watch this repository
+ Report bugs by opening an issue
+ Send me some satoshis : bc1qzyr0tl9t40vgdep3ynudrp88fkyqj2ejva7zwh

Commit message:

Cleaned gestured.cpp, upated README.md

README.md, after:

CinnamonGestures
================

CinnamonGestures implements touchpad gestures on Cinnamon Desktop Environment.

Caution & License
-----------------

The version distributed here is a beta version. It still suffers of bugs and glitches and lacks a few features that will be soon added. It is not intended to be used as a final product.
Use at your own risks.
This software is distributed under GNU GPL v3 license. You may find the full text of this license in LICENSE file. 

Installation
------------

CinnamonGestures is made of two distinct parts : a daemon (*gestured*) and a Cinnamon extension.
gestured can be installed as a [debian package](https://github.com/aodenis/CinnamonGestures/releases) or be built. Its purpose is to send libinput's events into DBus system bus, allowing the extension to receive it. It is automatically started by the extension and stops by itself.
The extension is a directory (*gestures@aodenis*) that must be copied in the directory ~/.local/share/cinnamon/extensions/ on your machine. Once done, you have to activate the extension in Cinnamon (Settings > Extensions).

Building gestured
-----------------

Simple build instructions
```
apt install libudev-dev libdbus-1-dev libinput-dev libstdc++-7-dev
git clone https://github.com/aodenis/CinnamonGestures
cd CinnamonGestures
make
```

Installation instructions, __USE AT YOUR OWN RISKS__
```
sudo make install
cp -r gestures@aodenis ~/.local/share/cinnamon/extensions/
```

How to use
----------

Slide three fingers up on your trackpad to display all windows, slide back down to go back to your desktop.
Slide four fingers up on your trackpad to display all workspaces, slide back down to go back to your desktop.
In both modes, click a window to activate it.
In window view, click a window with three fingers to close it.
In workspace view, click a workspace with three fingers to close it.
Slide four fingers right and left to switch between workspaces. Slide far enough on the right of a non-empty workspace to create a new one.
Slide three fingers down to minimize current window.

Unfinished feature
------------------

You may find settings in Cinnamon's extensions menu and enable there switching between windows by sliding three fingers left and right, an unfinished feature.

Known Bug
---------

This extension sometimes hangs and use 100% CPU. This should be fixed now, but this bug has shown itself resilient. In this case, restarting Cinnamon is a good way out.

Roadmap
-------

A proper documentation for this extension will come in the next few days. Then :
+ A button to create new workspaces in workspace overview
+ Possibility to drag windows to other workspaces
+ Four fingers down to show the desktop
+ Finish three finger window switching
+ Support for multiple display
+ Window titles
+ Many glitches and bugs to fix

Contributing
------------

If you want to help this project, you can :
+ Star/Watch this repository
+ Report bugs by opening an issue
+ Submit pull requests
+ Send me some satoshis : bc1qzyr0tl9t40vgdep3ynudrp88fkyqj2ejva7zwh
